i banish yen princes I put my hand out
the girl puts her hand on on the table
and another guy puts his hand on top of
it she likes that guy that sent chills
through her body but she hates and it
feels like dog [ __ ] what's the same
exact touch huh bah new CN you know but
the funny thing is when we switch into
this topic of you know serious mental
disorders whether it's schizophrenia
bipolar disorder you know diagnosed
manic depression or something now we're
talking about a difference between
people that's very real that's very meal
and it's in some sense of biological or
what-have-you I'm not saying it's your
inescapable destiny or you know I've met
different people cope with different
disorders in different ways but even you
know one of my brother's was born
dyslexic changes his whole life dyslexia
isn't that serious compared to being a
schizophrenic but you know III can't
give you know so he and I have a lot of
the same DNA obviously but he's a
totally different person for me from
kind of route to branch and if I had
been born to sly sick it's very
difficult to imagine how different it be
just if reading were difficult you know
um see you know it is said obviously I I
wish I've said before like if
durianrider had just stayed in his job
as a bike mechanic nobody would even
have to mention you know that he has
these serious disorders or what have you
but yeah when you're talking about
someone in a position of real political
leadership which is something he now
claims he didn't claim that just a few
years ago some was in a position of
political leadership political movement
and someone who's giving like serious
health advice other people like telling
other people to quit their meds telling
people to make decisions that really
change they like quit their job quit
their meds do all cut and people really
take that advice then yes I think the
questions of mental health even
reliability become very very very
serious you know well yeah he it's bad
too because he goes after young people
who are very easily convinced by the
sort of thing and seems like people who
aren't getting
very good help professionally like
through drugs or something or haven't
just gotten it yet like he's going after
them and it's pretty brutal like Julia
bore she seems like she's one of those
people who is suffering from untreated
depression and yeah then here's
durianrider giving some really bad
advice eat lots of processed sugar to
lose weight which she obviously has a
weight issue and it's making her even
more depressed and then telling her to
only date guys with [ __ ] vasectomies
like it's just horrible you know I just
say I think the young people are
over-represented on camera it's the
young people that you see on youtube but
one thing's I talked about what there's
one professional journalists to talk to
me who interviewed me and she's actually
gonna interview me again because she's
my no she's writing a newspaper story
about our fascinating lives as vegans on
the internet but one of these emphasized
to her I said no like it's kind of same
thing with the anti-war movement well
like you talking about protest against
the Vietnam War or any when you were
moving like the newspapers they
photograph the young beautiful people
and it looks like the protest is just
tended by young beautiful but actually
there were grandparents there is no and
I said to her no like I would just been
in Chiang Mai I said no one of the that
makes it so sad is that this impacts
people who are in the prime of their
life people were middle-aged and it
impacts people were actually elderly and
retired and you see them they're they're
just not the ones they're either not on
youtube or nobody's watching their
channel like they may have a youtube
channel with very very few viewers and
like in some ways that's that's even
more sad so Joe vegan Joe vegan has now
come to fame by basically doing a comedy
act he had an earlier video before he
really started doing the comedy but he
just talked about his and his wife's
experience that they became true
believers in durianrider and then later
lost their faith but they you know they
went the whole road we're just even
small things where they were refused to
drink tea that refuse drink any caffeine
they refuse to take a taxi to the
airport they rode their bicycles to the
airport etc they just a whole bunch of
funny funny things where they were
really trying to live the during right
or lifestyle full time and I think he
quit his job so they could go to Chiang
Mai and meet the great guru like they
really became cult-like followers and
again obviously it's
not like that for everyone but is for
some people they were not teenagers know
they were married middle-aged people
with with normal jobs you know so far as
I know so they're not the classic
profile of the cult victim and i think
that's that's the larger of people there
now again someone can correct me wrong I
believe that when when unnatural vegan
became a true believer when she decided
to stop using toothpaste I think she was
27 some work until I might I might be
off a little she was not a teenager
she'd finished a university degree in
philosophy I don't know what job she did
I've never heard her mention any job not
hating just saying I have no idea what
kind of career shed but these are fully
grown mature adults um and something
hooks though and where they and then
they ignore all the red flags you know
what I mean um just irresistible
temptation kind of thing like oh my god
I can eat whatever I want and stay stay
slim not have to work a real job I don't
know maybe some people just really want
that and think they can sort of have
that well that's what hooks and then
well you know so I study politics also
study religion like including cult cult
like you know cult aspects of religion
but I think the one aspect that's really
different about this in veganism from
say Buddhist cults or Hindu cults or
even Christian cults and and the
different political extremists forms of
political extremism study is the the
body image issue which is you know one
of your strengths on your your channel
you talk a lot about that this kind of
magnetic power of wanting to look like
yeah he man are wanting to look like a
dragon ball z character what have you I
have one woman I'm gonna try to do a
skype conversation with her in the
future one woman email me and she can
she was a fully mature adult and like
most of these people she was already in
good shape she was already basically
sleiman muscular that she wasn't oh she
wasn't worried at all she was basically
a good looking healthy woman and um she
judges couple messages back and forth
she talked how she had become a devotee
of freely and then eventually lost her
faith and she gained weight when she
switched if relese diet she she lost all
her muscle tone and gainfully at all
these other problems but when I pushed
on this
I said you know this is my analysis
situation she wrote back and said yeah
you know what when I saw like the first
time I saw free Lee's abdomen free Lee's
midsection I thought I'm willing to do
whatever it takes to look like that and
and all she ignored all the red flags
after that right she ignored all the
obvious warnings yeah it's weird I think
body image is just this issue we're
having with body image it's sort of a
result of just really privileged living
I know yeah like even the Egyptians way
back when they just had really really
easy lives otherwise like they lived
right next to the Nile they had easy
access to food and super super body
conscious people and I think that's what
it is maybe I don't know well anyway um
yeah it becomes part of your identity
though this urge to look a certain way
like a lot of bodybuilders and [ __ ] like
if they didn't have muscle they wouldn't
be anyone like it's so important them to
take roids get as huge as they possibly
can get ripped and shredded and it's
part of their identity and free Lee's
kind of made that a part of her identity
and I guess other people just want that
yeah I mean it's we're uh now again so
the very first thing we talked about is
that I tell people the time I'm not a
nice guy I sometimes warm people look
I'm a bit of a jerk in whatever terms
are appropriate to the conversation of
the relationship I kind of let people
know I don't play the games other people
do I had a girlfriend white Canadian
girlfriend and she was a very nice
person she always said hi how are you
hope you're having a great day and all
that [ __ ] and she was a very attractive
person should a beautiful face in many
ways her body was very obviously
attracted to heterosexual men but you
know in terms of like her knees and the
shape of her legs like just the bone
structure diet and exercise will never
change it she was never going to be a
woman who showed off her legs and
miniskirt she had a lot of advantages in
life a lot you know but that was not one
of them and I remember I was just
stunned we were walking down the street
once together and there was
woman who was wearing a miniskirt of
something like that a revealing skirt
another white Canadian woman and my
girlfriend she froze up she you know she
clung to my my arm a little bit and she
looked away and she said I don't know if
I can walk down this street cuz like
seeing that woman's legs makes me feel
so bad about my own body and like you
know ah I ok I didn't want to make her
feel like garbage but my actual response
was to start telling her about a story I
had just been reading about a man in
Cambodia who has no legs that was the
research I was doing at the time I was
like no like and it's just saying to
honest like I've just never thought of
my body that way at all like I know like
for you on some deep level you're what
and she's with me and she's she's having
sex with me on a daily basis there's no
competition for me this other woman is
not trying to seduce me like I
understand really feeling the way if
another woman is trying to seduce your
man or some psychological accomplished
okay I imagine but it's like on some
level you feel like you're in
competition with every other woman who's
breathing for every other man I guess
all the time and that gets to you and
for me like I really think about my legs
as taking me where I want to go which
for me included Cambodia look at that
time already I was really of a study in
Cambodian as a language I was planning
to go to Cambodia and do humanitarian
work but I'm thinking about digging
ditches or working on a farm at Camp oh
yeah it's kind of experience I wanted to
have you know what I mean I was yeah
I'll give people what if you people in
Cambodia thing by like my legs are ugly
you know so let you know anybody sorry I
mean it's shallow and it's deep at the
same time but like for me the main
reason I'm reflecting on this is that
those those issues that category of body
image issues and selling a person a
dream of what their body can be like
that's really different from anything in
Buddhism Buddhism communism democracy
the different political categories that
talk about and ultimately so much of it
is just you're just born with it and you
can't change it terms of what people
obsess over like the shape your legs the
shape your knees now
it's like a while for me to get over
some of my body image issues like a the
photos that i use for my profile picture
you know the one where i'm doing like a
side tricep pose that was in my last
bodybuilding show like 23 years ago now
that was when I was vegan I was like I
was so [ __ ] lean then and I died it's
so [ __ ] hard and even despite that I
still felt fat like it's weird the body
just mark if body dysmorphic disorder
zand obsession with body image takes a
while um you know getting perspective
just getting older and you know getting
a girlfriend recently has helped to sow
know though I mean like you know some
people say I'm an egomaniac or whatever
but those types of insecurities have
just I've just never felt I've never you
know it's never been a struggle i'm not
good enough for i'm not i'm not pretty
enough and that you know that made that
may make me an [ __ ] but all the time
here in China you know people talk to
people at the gym like asked me to show
them how I'm lifting and stuff because
it just work out in a different way from
Chinese people I'm not an expert on I'm
bodybuilding and all or anything and all
the time I tell people the only reason
I'm exercising is to be prepared for
violence that's how I say it in Chinese
have seen really simply like that's it
and that's how it's been you know my my
whole adult life but you know I mean
this stuff it's it's not evil people
want to be loved people want to feel
important people want to feel beautiful
I guess I guess that's the most
fundamental one though is wanting to
feel important and may I guess being
beautiful is maybe the the easiest or
most obvious way to be important right i
banished yen
safer as you fly and you got ten chicks
that means you have to [ __ ] to om a day
you have to file two [ __ ] a day every
day of the week sing I cannot count the
weekend but you only [ __ ] the girls
on mondays on Monday so they don't see
you for a whole nother Winx that becomes
work the girl you missed Tuesday's she
like I see me with eight days let me
stop talking this vivian man just give
one girl in question